hey this is the sneaker collector and
I'm gonna do a review today of the
Jordan new love from the set to try to
folks to their size 10 I bought the set
with both shoes sold the old loves but
I'm gonna buy them back and then I'll do
a full review then but this is a quick
review so got the old look new loves
here size 10 on a second
here it is got the nice box I love this
box with designs again onto the new
loves surprisingly they have the count
down pack paper which has the little I
don't know if you can see the little
things of the other shoes okay and so
here they are Air Jordan new loves retro
one pack they are really nice you
actually love it they're very
comfortable there you go
I've got the like new buck deal here
then this is all leather this is all
leather with the jump man
air jordan and got the jump man back i
one thing you gotta know is i wear all
my shoes
so these yes these have been worn I
don't care what shoe it is I wear all my
shoes jump man then the tongue is really
really soft I like it with the jump man
on the tongue size 10 the bottom the
insole is very very soft to the white
and then yeah so these are the new loves
yeah so that's my review I'm getting the
old loves back I'm gonna buy them I'm
gonna do a full review of both these
actually really like so what I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna show you what they look
like on the feet now
all right here the new loves on the feet
Air Jordan ones and then what how I like
to wear my shoes is I pull the tongue
forward like that and I put the jeans
just like that oh no it's just me
they look very nice very comfortable
like I don't know they're like extra
padded I love these things